joan today in my house yours called when
come you would like to congratulate is one
of the most respected producers in the
profession has helped build the
chain that I now have the honor of
direct forgiveness to spend by calling
language hospital
and it seemed to me you were you are
recognized your colony you put a lot of me
I have a headache, I bring you fruit
candied you've done the old ones well
they love sweets but I do not like them
If you want to go home, you will have to
prepare the reforms for two months
two months goodbye to pay attention to
die to my dad you have to compromise
as everyone
before the Lord is only for twice
lady with these as you call yourself and
Haunted I was a veterinary assistant
perfect are very donkey something like that
bravo this is not a fabulous circus if
you walk no more network of Tuesdays to
18:30 on tv
in contrast we have no acquaintances
and go to the bathroom
I'm going home I called to pay not me
Pleases the feeling of being over
I have received perhaps more so
Hurry did not you want
not one of the use of anything anyone likes
old
stay with me
I learned to live alone if you spend the day
sleeping you're jealous I do not